FetchmailMon - a mail fetching processus monitor
--------------------------------------------------

Introduction

  These programs (the aim is to provide many applets) try to help
  fetchmail users having a single dialup connexion. For such users
  it's hard to decide wether or not the mail fetching process is
  done. FetchmailMon will provide numbers applets (for each desktop
  X11, WindowMaker, Gnome, KDE, ...) to monitor graphically the 
  /var/log/mail.log in order to decide if the dialup connection
   could be closed.

  Three 'tools' are available.
  First is a simple (trivial) text based tool that read /var/log/mail.log
  on it's input and rewrite reformated informations in it's ouput (not
  possible to do simplier).
  Second is a script which uses the 'dialog' tool to render the output of
  the first.
  Third is a better achieve one: a WindowMaker dockapp. Of course, it can
  be used on others window managers.

Platform

  This program was written on and for Linux/Intel/ELF/libc6.
  It should compile cleanly on any ANSI-C environment.

Compilation

  Classic "./configure ; make ; make install", but 'configure' step require
  --with-wmapp option.

  This option is mandatory because wmfetchmailmon requires WMApp which is
  only in early stages, ie development.
  In order to build wmfetchmailmon, you have to download, extract and compile
  WMApp. Then, you can compile fetchmailmon, indicating the path to WMApp
  source tree with '--with-wmapp' option. Take care to use an absolute
  path name.

  For example, imagine you extract WMApp in /tmp (because it's just for
  compilation, a temporary usage). Your 'configure' command line will look
  something like:
  % ./configure --with-wmapp=/tmp/wmapp-x.y.z

  Also, you can change the default filename to the log with:
  % env DEFAULT_MAILLOG_FILENAME=your_path ./configure ...

  Check INSTALL file for any generic informations about 'configure' usage.
  
Warranties

  The authors provides no warranties for this software.
  Cf. COPYING file.

Author

  Cf. AUTHORS file.

Manifest

  CHANGELOG    - revision history for this software
  COPYING      - the GNU Public License
  INSTALL      - installation instructions
  configure    - used to build Makefile
  Makefile     - used to compile it, read the docs, test it, etc.
  README       - this file
  TODO         - some thoughts about what additions would be useful
  doc          - a directory with documentation
  src          - the source code
  tst          - tests files
